Intime Group Xiong Ye arrives
This Master Xiong is the behind-the-scenes boss of Su Yun Bar
It is the Amami Mountain Tiger
Very strong
We don't care mom
What a shit tiger
In front of my family, he can only be a cat
Don't follow today's big day
Chen specially came to congratulate
I wish you a happy marriage
raise eyebrows
Someone send a congratulatory gift
No, it's not necessary.
This bitch doesn't deserve me anymore
I don't want it anymore.
You came just in time
This dog man and woman are at your disposal.
Jie Shao
Today, Chen specially came to celebrate
You let Chen be the handle
This
That's not what you mean.
Yang Jing is my man
He's still in the hospital.
I just want to know
Where did he offend Jie Shao?
It's so uncomfortable to have to go down
Master Xiong, Sister Jing colluded with this kid surnamed Wan?
I swept out the door
He also got Jie Shao's face in public
Is to give him a leader?
Where did the dog come from?
Do you have a say here?